h1. A Git Plugin for the Bamboo build server

Version 1.0.3

Build your GitHub repositories on the Amazon Cloud using "Atlassian's Bamboo":http://atlassian.com/bamboo.

* Adds the option “GitHub” to the list of available repositories when you add or edit a plan.
* Shows the changes that triggered the build.
* Trigger the build via a GitHub Service Hook.
* Links the commit code changes back to the GitHub page containing the commit/diff.
* Works with Bamboo version 2.2 or greater.
* Assumes Bamboo is running on *nix (tested on Ubuntu and OSX).  Would need tweaking for windows.

More information on the "Project's wiki":http://wiki.github.com/andypols/git-bamboo-plugin.

NOTE: The trigger on change feature has stopped working since github moved from engineyard to rackspace. Bamboo's  TriggerRemoteBuild checks that the IP address of the source repository matches the IP adress of the build trigger. The trigger now *comes from a different IP and is rejected by Bamboo*. I have raised the following jira with the bamboo team: "BAM-4713":http://jira.atlassian.com/browse/BAM-4713.  Vote on it to get it fixed!!!  The short term fix is to poll for changes instead.

h2. Installation

Install git (http://git-scm.com/).

Copy the git-repository jar to @$BAMBOO_INSTALL_DIR/webapp/WEB-INF/lib@.

Run @exec ssh-agent bash@ and @ssh-add deployment-key@ before running Bamboo.  Bamboo will use the key stored in the agent to fetch the changes from GitHub.

The plugin will try and find the git command-line binary. Alternatively, you can tell bamboo where the git binary is located using the @GIT_HOME@ environment variable.
    
h2. Build from source

Define the @bamboo.server.lib@ value in the @build.xml@ so the build has access to the bamboo jars (Bamboo is commercial, so I can't include them the github repository).

Run the @ant all@ task.

h2. Release Notes

1.0.3 Bug Fix

* Now works correctly with remote agents (the server didn't have a local copy of the repository and therefore failed to calculate the change set).  Thanks to "Michael Rowe":http://mikerowecode.com for spotting this.

1.0.2 Bug Fix

* Handle case where we had a date for the previous build, but can't extract the latest update from the logs...

1.0.1 Bug Fix

* Fixed a silly bug. I was validating some fields that had been removed from the UI, so bamboo wouldn't let the user progress past the guthub page when creating a new repository. 
* Handle timezone information in the git logs correctly

1.0 First Release